alien gone at me when I hours in here
with you guys once again i'm here with
the doctor Samuel L by a woman I'm doing
good good that was your very good very
all of these he's very nice very nice
except he was gone for a week or so um
today's video is the most important
video that I've ever done in my life and
I'm putting my life on the line I could
die doing this video I am sending direct
alien message from the Palladian aliens
to human earth I don't even know what
the message is myself very much they
gave me this I was taken aboard the ship
last night and I was given this head
which represents the palladiums and I'm
going to put my hand on top of the head
and they're Lovering over my house right
now but they're gonna send out
electrical surge into my mind and take
control of my whole body and my whole
everything and they are going to speak
through my mouth and deliver a message
that I don't even know what the message
is myself they told me that could be
dangerous after the message is done
ordering the message so that's how we
have actual medical doctor of what Sam
Douglas he's Obama's former lady gagas
former he's very well known
all right I've been preparing for this I
got my plating holes on I'm not nervous
but this is something the world needs to
know apparently from what the plane
Ian's told me so freedom fighters haters
lovers this is for are you all this is
from the palladiums
lame
look into the eyes look deep into the
eyes
jun 13 2013 00 what happened I can't
ruin a message well what what happened
ah platings dis contacted you man june
thirteenth whatsapp like Jews and Jim 13
war that's what this I sort of that's
what they said yes
june thirteenth 2013 yes
no I don't know if that the 13 the 13
has to do something i am not sure yet
but that was the date starting to come
back to me I'm my mozi he just gave me
enough a big shot of town 47 which is my
medication ah my back woman it's coming
back to me the plane Ian's want me to
spread the message at jun 13 2013 or
whether this means war on earth World
War 3 or if it means so another war on
the moon I don't know I'm gonna have to
contact palladiums and get to the bottom
of this thank you for saving my life
alone save my life I was literally about
to die my heart was stopping so dr. Sam
Douglas just saved my life with his
medical skills stay tuned subscribe to
survive and I will get to the meaning of
this message from extraterrestrials I'll
get in contact with them because I am
nailing contactee and we will
figure out what this message means can
you get me another shot of course mom
okay thank you all right I subscribe to
survive and I love my fans and that's
why I did this where you guys so
remember that